Don't automatically upgrade go version with renovate (#449)
giantswarm/devctl: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### Changed

> - Constraint go version, so it's not automatically upgraded by renovate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Constrain go version to 1.18, so it's not automatically upgraded by renovate.
```
